+++ title = ‘Meeting Script - Cohost’ date = 2024-06-29T17:39:56-04:00
draft = false weight = 20 +++

  This is the Co-Host script, used by the Co-Host for all Copy and
  Pasting material into the chat, during a meeting. Doing this, the Host
  will be able to focus on facilitating the meeting. We suggest that
  regular communication and expectations be discussed between the Host
  and Co-Host.

  REMINDERs:

  AT 10PM ENSURE THE FOLLOWING CONFIGURATIONS * Mute All participants. *
  “Mute Participants upon Entry” is checked. * “Allow Participants to
  Unmute Themselves” is unchecked. * “Host and co-hosts” should be
  selected in “Participant Can Chat with:”

Keep an eye on the waiting room and admit people. Let the host mute and
unmute people unless a zoom disruptor goes off. Then mute the disruptor
quickly & turn their camera off. After that just leave them and look for
the next one.

Post in chat at these times.

10:00 & 10:15

Having trouble hearing? Call In Phone #: 1-312-626-6799 Meeting ID:190
210 132

10:01

DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO SHARE:

On a Tablet: SELECT THE RAISE HAND ICON

On a cell phone: SELECT “MORE” ICON & SELECT “RAISE HAND”

On a computer: “RAISE HAND” IN ZOOM IS LOCATED IN THE REACTIONS TOOLBAR.

AFTER ANNIVERSARIES ARE ASKED ABOUT.

7th Tradition

There are no dues or fees, but we do have expenses. In keeping with the
7th tradition, “Every A.A. group ought to be fully self-supporting,
declining outside contributions”, methods to contribute will be posted
in the chat. The Account Name and associated QR codes are provided.

Please contact a host or co-host after the meeting if you have questions
on how to donate.

Venmo: @loveandtolerance

[venmo qr code]

Cash App: $loveandtol

[Cash app qr code]

Zelle: treasurer@loveandtol.com

https://loveandtol.com/contribute

WHEN THE PERSON IS ASKED TO DO THE READING.

Post whatever the reading is for the night. Post again in 15 minutes or
so or when someone asks about the topic in chat.

Decide whether you or the host is going to time people sharing. Whomever
is timing, use a 3-minute timer, giving them a 1-minute warning. After
that minute kindly tell them their time is up.

10:45. Keep an eye on the waiting room to make sure you let people in that arrive late.

DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO SHARE:

On a Tablet: SELECT THE RAISE HAND ICON

On a cell phone: SELECT “MORE” ICON & SELECT “RAISE HAND”

On a computer: “RAISE HAND” IN ZOOM IS LOCATED IN THE REACTIONS TOOLBAR.

10:45 - Open chat to anyone and everyone.

THE CHAT IS NOW OPEN

Please keep it clean, respectful, and safe. When someone reaches out
know that you DO NOT have to give your number if you feel uncomfortable.
Our PRIMARY purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics achieve
sobriety. If you feel that someone is being inappropriate please reach
out to the Host or a Co-Host.

10:56 – Post the following

SPONSORSHIP INFO:

Here at Love and Tolerance, we believe sponsorship is important for our
recovery. A sponsor is someone to help you through the 12 Steps of
Alcoholics Anonymous. IF YOU ARE ACTIVELY WORKING THE 12 STEPS AND are
available to sponsor, please put your contact info in the chat now. If
you need a sponsor or have any questions, please reach out to one of
these people.

HOMEGROUP INFO:

If you are interested in becoming a homegroup member, would like to Host
or Co-Host for the next rotation or need a Big Book or other AA approved
literature please send an email to info@loveandtol.com

CONTACT LIST:

If you would like to be included in the Love & Tolerance contact list or
would like to receive a contact list, please send an email to
info@loveandtol.com

PROOF OF ATTENDANCE:

If you need proof of meeting attendance, please email
info@loveandtol.com

WEBSITE INFORMATION:

Find all this information and more at our website,
https://loveandtol.com

MEETING INFORMATION:

Love and Tolerance Meeting ID: 190 210 132 no password needed.

AA Approved Literature

https://loveandtol.com/meeting/literature

Other formats

-   PDF
-   Word doc
-   Plain text
-   Kindle
